a Christmas miracle tonight for one
little boy at his school Christmas
concert
JJ love sat on Santa's lap earlier this
month and asked him to bring his dad
home from army duty in Korea little did
the boy know it was a wish Santa it may
come true in Engadine tonight new at
eleven nine in tenth Alyssa gamble was
there to see JJ's surprise
jay-j thought tonight was just a school
Christmas concert until his teacher
called him up to read a letter from his
dad stationed in Korea little did he
know a big surprise was coming so you
can see him JJ when you look at this
stage he's on the far right we took him
to see Santa at the VFW and he sat in
his lap and Santa asked him what he
wanted for Christmas he said he wanted
him to bring his dad home told me he was
in the army he had told him that he
would try and pray for him it's very
rough on a military family being away
and having the see them and then you
know Skype and messenger and things like
that they help but it's not the same
feeling as being you know being able to
physically touch your son not being able
to physically touch your spouse it's
what we do you know it's it's how we
started I'm so ready to see him like
it's it's it's amazing it's an amazing
feeling JJ had no idea Santa would pull
through
he works for Georgia president
I brought up too early give them the
clothes but I love this Christmas really
after being away from home for ten
months they have some serious bonding
ahead movie go outside and build a
snowman
snowball fight game maybe if he gets
more snow in all of him in Mackinac
County Alisa gambler 4 9 and 10 News at